README.md, before:

# Coder Take-Home Project

### Instructions

Pull it:

```
git clone https://github.com/marcomo/coder-react-ui.git
```

Install dependencies:

```
npm install
```

Run it in development:

```
npm start
```

View it:

```
http://localhost:3000
```

### How I Developed this Project

When I got started with Coder, I created a Template based on [sharkymark/coder-react](https://github.com/sharkymark/coder-react). This template had a Create React App basic project set up, so I decided to work from there. I developed this project completely in a Coder workspace and pushed the code out to Github from there.

### Things included

- Material UI components and theme
- CSS Variables and MUI support via experimental CssVarsProvider
- Figma variables and tokens
- Custom theming
- React Router
- Recreation of App Bar, Templates Table, and Workspaces
- Custom Hooks
- Dialog Box Wizard
- Transitions and Animation

### Things I didn't get to or would do

- Tests
- CI/CD Deployment
- Responsive design
- Accessibility
- Convert CRA to Vite
- Light mode
- Table row deselection in (wizard 'select template' step)

### Resources

[Figma Presentation](https://www.figma.com/proto/8h3ymWdvjyTkIg8CkV4kMV/Workspace-Creation?page-id=33%3A3646&type=design&node-id=33-3647&viewport=978%2C684%2C0.13&t=0aZAqtjmq0furLtI-1&scaling=contain&mode=design)

[Figma File](https://www.figma.com/file/8h3ymWdvjyTkIg8CkV4kMV/Workspace-Creation?type=design&node-id=33%3A3646&mode=design&t=l91DniDOy2Va3t88-1)

Commit message:

Update README to include features

README.md, after:

# Coder Take-Home Project

### Instructions

Pull it:

```
git clone https://github.com/marcomo/coder-react-ui.git
```

Install dependencies:

```
npm install
```

Run it in development:

```
npm start
```

View it:

```
http://localhost:3000
```

### How I Developed this Project

When I got started with Coder, I created a Template based on [sharkymark/coder-react](https://github.com/sharkymark/coder-react). This template had a Create React App basic project set up, so I decided to work from there. I developed this project completely in a Coder workspace and pushed the code out to Github from there.

### What I Worked on

I developed a Wizard for the Create Workspace flow. The Wizard has three steps:

1. Select Template
2. Configure
3. Build

The Wizard keeps the user informed about the stages of creating a workspace without moving them around various screens. User is in control of where they go next and stay where they started if they cancel.

### Features

- All in one screen, no changing routes
- Cancel from step 1 or 2
- Template selection uses same Table UI as Templates page
- Input validation
- Go back to template selection from configuration
- Simple checklist animation of build process
- Stay on Workspaces or go to new Workspace after completion
- New workspace displays in Workspaces view after creation

### Technical things included

- Material UI components and theme
- CSS Variables and MUI support via experimental CssVarsProvider
- Figma variables and tokens
- Custom theming
- React Router
- Recreation of App Bar, Templates Table, and Workspaces
- Custom Hooks
- Dialog Box Wizard
- Transitions and Animation

### Things I didn't get to or would do

- Tests
- CI/CD Deployment
- Responsive design
- Accessibility
- Convert CRA to Vite
- Light mode
- Cache created workspaces
- Table row deselection in (wizard 'select template' step)

### Resources

[Figma Presentation](https://www.figma.com/proto/8h3ymWdvjyTkIg8CkV4kMV/Workspace-Creation?page-id=33%3A3646&type=design&node-id=33-3647&viewport=978%2C684%2C0.13&t=0aZAqtjmq0furLtI-1&scaling=contain&mode=design)

[Figma File](https://www.figma.com/file/8h3ymWdvjyTkIg8CkV4kMV/Workspace-Creation?type=design&node-id=33%3A3646&mode=design&t=l91DniDOy2Va3t88-1)
